Intel471 threat intel c2 c (#4845)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/intel-471-threat-intel-source.md

---
id: intel471-threat-intel-source

> title: Intel 471 Threat Intel Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Intel471 Threat Intel Source
```

sidebar_label: Intel471 Threat Intel
tags:
  - cloud-to-cloud
  - intel471-threat-intel

> description: This integration collects threat indicators using the Intel471 API and sends them to Sumo Logic  for analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This integration collects threat indicators using the Intel471 API and sends them to Sumo Logic for analysis.
```

> description: This integration collects threat indicators from the Intel 471 API and sends them to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicators for analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This integration collects threat indicators using the Intel 471 API and sends them to Sumo Logic  for analysis.
```

---
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import ExampleJSON from '/files/c2c/intel471-threat-intel/example.json';
import MyComponentSource from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/intel471-threat-intel/example.json';
import TerraformExample from '!!raw-loader!/files/c2c/intel471-threat-intel/example.tf';

> import ForwardToSiem from '/docs/reuse/forward-to-siem.md';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/intel471-threat-intel.png')} alt="intel471-threat-intel.png" width="100" />

> Intel 471 helps organizations protect against cyber threats by monitoring underground marketplaces and forums used by cybercriminals. They specialize in cyber threat intelligence, focusing on malware, malicious actors, their tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel 471 is a cybersecurity firm specializing in providing cyber threat intelligence services. Their focus is primarily on delivering information about threats originating from the criminal underground, including malware, malicious actors, and their tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs). Intel 471 provides these insights to help organizations protect themselves against cyber threats. Their intelligence-gathering efforts often involve monitoring and analyzing underground marketplaces, forums, and other communication channels used by cyber criminals.
```

> The Intel 471 source collects threat indicators from the [Intel 471 API](https://login.intel471.com/u/login/identifier?state=hKFo2SBJbDlzQnBDWGo0MU5wZEJndGh0YV9Eby0yQmRHb0dueqFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIDY3NW1vbmdfdFktTTVDY01kY1ZncndOSU9ZZllxSXBao2NpZNkgR1dKRFJFclBoS3BRZGlWcmxNN2F5c0V6TDZXeEw5azI#tag/Indicators/paths/~1indicators~1stream/get) and sends them to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicators for analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel 471 source collects threat indicators using the [Intel 471 Stream API](https://titan.intel471.com/api/docs-openapi/#tag/Indicators/paths/~1indicators~1stream/get) and sends them to Sumo Logic as normalized threat indicators for analysis.
```

## Data collected

| Polling Interval | Data |
| :--- | :--- |

> | 1 hr | [Indicators](https://login.intel471.com/u/login/identifier?state=hKFo2SBnRnh4QWZIandtd2J2S2pOeGdWS1MwWWZ1bFpubzctR6Fur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIEZXOFR0UGtYNWJLV3lWWXY4ME1tRlVrWk0yd0tneFBFo2NpZNkgR1dKRFJFclBoS3BRZGlWcmxNN2F5c0V6TDZXeEw5azI#tag/Indicators) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1 hour | [Indicators](https://titan.intel471.com/api/docs-openapi/#tag/Indicators/paths/~1indicators~1stream/get) |
```

## Setup

### Vendor configuration

:::info

> The Intel 471 API documentation is not public and can only be accessed by partners or customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel 471 documentation is not public and can only be accessed by partners or customers.
```

:::

> The Intel 471 Threat Intel source requires you to authenticate the **Username** and **API Key** found in the API section in the [portal](https://login.intel471.com/u/login/identifier?state=hKFo2SB4ckUwei1aN2JUaFhkTG5FQkstbF9sZldMTlFzdnZXMaFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIG5HU3o1RVg3RTY2RWloTGFySjNTcWowLWVXRVJzYUxIo2NpZNkgR1dKRFJFclBoS3BRZGlWcmxNN2F5c0V6TDZXeEw5azI#section/Authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Intel 471 Threat Intel source requires you to provide the **Username** and **API Key** found in the API section in the [Intel 471 portal](https://titan.intel471.com/api/docs-openapi/#tag/Indicators/paths/~1indicators~1stream/get).
```

### Source configuration

> When you create an Intel 471 Threat Intel source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you create an Intel 471 Threat Intel source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector and Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
```

1. On the Collectors page, click **Add Source** next to a Hosted Collector.
1. Search for and select **Intel 471 Threat Intel**.
1. Enter a **Name** to display for the Source in the Sumo web application. The description is optional.
1. (Optional) For **Source Category**, enter any string to tag the output collected from the Source. Category metadata is stored in a searchable field called `_sourceCategory`.
1. (Optional) **Fields.** Click the **+Add Field** link to define the fields you want to associate, each field needs a name (key) and value.
   * ![green check circle.png](/img/reuse/green-check-circle.png) A green circle with a check mark is shown when the field exists in the Fields table schema.
   * ![orange exclamation point.png](/img/reuse/orange-exclamation-point.png) An orange triangle with an exclamation point is shown when the field doesn't exist in the Fields table schema. In this case, an option to automatically add the nonexistent fields to the Fields table schema is provided. If a field is sent to Sumo that does not exist in the Fields schema it is ignored, known as dropped. 

> 1. **Username**. Enter the login ID or email address of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Username**. Enter your Intel 471 login ID or email address.
```

> 1. **API Key**. Enter the API key of the user account collected from the Intel 471 Threat Intel platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **API Key**. Enter the API key of the user account collected from the [Intel 471 Threat Intel platform](#vendor-configuration).
```

1. **Sumo Logic Threat Intel Source ID**. Enter the Sumo Logic namespace where the indicators will be stored.

> 1. **Polling Interval**. The polling interval is set for 5 minutes by default. You can adjust it based on your needs. This sets how often the source checks for new data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Polling Interval**. The polling interval is set for one hour by default. You can adjust it based on your needs. This sets how often the source checks for new data.
```

1. **Processing Rules for Logs**. Configure any desired filters, such as allowlist, denylist, hash, or mask, as described in [Create a Processing Rule](/docs/send-data/collection/processing-rules/create-processing-rule).
1. When you are finished configuring the source, click **Save**.

## JSON schema

Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [Use JSON to Configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 

| Parameter | Type | Value | Required | Description |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|

> | schemaRef | JSON Object  | `{“type”: “Intel471 Threat Intel”}` | Yes | Define the specific schema type. |

Reviewer: Intel 471 or Intel471? Need confirmation with Parth.

Author: Both are correct, but let's stick to "Intel471" based on the naming convention in our Sumo platform.
